{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 MENU (Weekends 12 pm - 3 pm)\
Huevos Rancheros $17 Two fried eggs served with homemade Mexican sauce, accompanied by refried beans and feta cheese, avocado slices and three corn tortillas. (+$5 Add Meat)\
Chilaquiles $20 Deep fried corn tortilla chips smothered in your choice of green, red or Swiss sauce, topped with crema fresca, feta cheese and onions. Accompanied by refried beans and one fried egg. (+$5 Add Meat)\
Enchiladas Aztecas $22 Tortilla casserole stuffed with chicken, mozzarella cheese, sour cream and your choice of green, red or Swiss sauce. Accompanied by rice and beans.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 ANTOJITOS\
Guac & Chips $17 Fresh smashed avocado seasoned with lime and house spices, topped with pico de gallo and feta cheese. Served with a side of corn tortilla chips.\
Guac & Chicharron $28 House made guacamole accompanied by four pieces of pressed pork belly, topped with red onions and corn tortillas on the side.\
Tequila Nachos $25 Homemade corn tortilla chips, black beans, mozzarella cheese, chorizo sauce. Topped with pico de gallo and fresh guacamole. (+$5 Add Meat)\
Boneless $17 Boneless chicken with your choice of Buffalo, BBQ or Lemon Pepper. Served with ranch dip, baby carrots and celery.\
Wings $17 Chicken wings with your choice of Buffalo, BBQ or Lemon Pepper. Served with ranch dip, baby carrots and celery.\
Queso Fundido $18 Melted cheese bubbling hot in a cast iron skillet. Served with a side of 5 flour tortillas. (+$5.50 Add Meat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 CARNE\
Carne Asada $32 8 oz top sirloin steak, green salad, rice, beans and quesadilla with chorizo.\
Molcajete $69 Grilled steak, chicken, chorizo, shrimp, asadero cheese, and fire roasted salsa on a traditional molcajete hot stone. Served with rice, refried beans, guacamole and corn tortillas.\
Alambre $27 Your choice of chicken breast, top sirloin or pastor, mixed with onions, peppers and melted cheese. Served with rice, beans and corn tortillas.\
Gringas Pastor $25 Three pastor quesadillas on a handmade flour tortilla with cilantro, onion and serrano sauce.\
Kekabirrias $25 Three corn quesadillas with beef, accompanied by consome, cilantro and onion.\
Sides: Rice $5 / Beans $5 / Guacamole $3 / Pico de Gallo $3 / Tortilla Chips $3 / Side Fries $7 / Side Salad $7 / Corn Tortilla 5pc $3 / Flour Tortilla 1pc $1\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 MARISCOS\
Aguachile Camaron $28 Cured and marinated shrimp with red onion and cucumber. Choice of green, red or black sauce.\
Aguachile Mixto $38 Boiled and marinated shrimp, octopus and tuna.\
Ceviche Atun $25 (Note: the website description for this dish appears to have a copy/paste error, showing the Alambre description instead. Worth fixing on your site.)\
Tostada de Pulpo $15 Homemade crispy corn tortilla with marinated and grilled octopus, avocado, onion and house black sauce.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 TACOS\
Order of four $22 / Each $6\
Carne Asada: Topped with onion and cilantro. Pastor: Marinated pork and pineapple. Carnitas: Confit pork. Tinga de Pollo: Pulled chicken in tomato and chipotle sauce. Birria: Slow cooked beef stew. Chorizo: Mexican pork sausage. Camaron Baja: Beer battered shrimp with cabbage and chipotle-garlic mayo. Taco Especial de Pulpo $15: Corn tortilla 6", avocado, grilled octopus and spicy sauce. Veggie Tacos: Frijoles (refried beans) and Veggie Pastor (plant based protein).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 MENU KIDS\
Kids Quesadilla $12 6" flour tortilla stuffed with melted mozzarella cheese. Served with a small side of rice and beans.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 SOPAS\
Tortilla Soup $15 Tomato soup with chicken broth, feta, sour cream, avocado and tortilla strips.\
Birria Soup $25 Traditional beef stew with Mexican spices.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 POSTRES\
Churros with Vanilla Ice Cream $13 Crispy churros served with smooth vanilla ice cream.\
Tres Leches Cake $13 A moist sponge soaked in three types of milk, topped with a light cream finish.\
Flan $13 Classic creamy custard dessert with a smooth caramel topping.\
}